Quiz for Binary Search (#2329)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/Binary_Search.mdx

      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      $\mathcal{O}(\log n)$ / $\Omega(\log \log n)$
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Consider the case where the target element is the median of the array. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>
    What is an advantage of using binary search over linear search?
    <Quiz.Answer correct>
      Faster time complexity
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Correct. Linear search runs in $\mathcal{O}(n)$, whereas binary search runs in $\mathcal{O}(\log n)$.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      Less Memory
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Binary search and linear search both use $\mathcal{O}(n)$ memory.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      Easier implementation. 
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Linear search is, in most cases, a simple `for` loop, whereas binary search most often requires at least two additional variables and conditionals. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>

>     Suppose a program involving binary search runs in $\mathcal{O}(\log n)$ time for some $n$. At what values of $n$ would runtime be an issue? A typical online judge can handle around $10^9$ operations in a second. 

Reviewer: probably best to reword to "what is the lowest value of N" where runtime would be an issue otherwise just guess highest number (and then maybe change the answers accordingly)

        Correct. The worst case happens when the number is not present, and the best case occurs if the first number we check is the target value. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      $\mathcal{O}(n)$ / $\Omega(\log n)$
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Binary search always takes at most $\lceil \log n \rceil$ iterations. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      $\mathcal{O}(\log n)$ / $\Omega(\log \log n)$
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Consider the case where the target element is the median of the array. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>
    What is an advantage of using binary search over linear search?
    <Quiz.Answer correct>
      Faster time complexity
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Correct. Linear search runs in $\mathcal{O}(n)$, whereas binary search runs in $\mathcal{O}(\log n)$.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      Less Memory
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Binary search and linear search both use $\mathcal{O}(n)$ memory.
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>

>       Easier implementation. 

Reviewer 2: other answer choices don't end with periods, why does this one?

      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. Linear search is, in most cases, a simple `for` loop, whereas binary search most often requires at least two additional variables and conditionals. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>
    Suppose a program involving binary search runs in $\mathcal{O}(\log n)$ time for some $n$. What is the smallest value of $n$ where runtime would be an issue? A typical online judge can handle around $10^9$ operations in a second. 
    <Quiz.Answer>
      $9$
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Incorrect. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer>
      $10^9$
      <Quiz.Explanation>

>       	Incorrect

Reviewer 2: make all the "incorrect"s end with periods

      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
		<Quiz.Answer>
		$99^9$
    <Quiz.Explanation>
    	Incorrect
    </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
    <Quiz.Answer correct>
      $10^{10^{9}}$
      <Quiz.Explanation>
        Correct. The logarithm of this value is a bit more than $10^9$. A pure, logarithmic binary search will almost never run into issues regarding time limit. 
      </Quiz.Explanation>
    </Quiz.Answer>
  </Quiz.Question>
  <Quiz.Question>

>     Suppose we were tasked to find some maximum value such that a given monotonic boolean function `someBooleanFunction(m)` returns `true`. The following code has an error in it that causes an infinite loop. Find the corrected version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Suppose we were tasked to find the maximum value `m` in the range `[l,r]` such that a given monotonic boolean function `someBooleanFunction(m)` returns `true`. The following code has an error in it that causes an infinite loop. Find the corrected version. 
```

Reviewer 2: Are we assuming that `0 <= l <= r` and that no overflow ever occurs when we compute `l+r`?

Reviewer 2: what if no such `m` exists?

<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
    ```cpp

> int findMaxTrue(int l, int r, function<bool(int)> f) {

Reviewer 2: the indentation doesn't look right in the deployment
